Readme.md, before:

# Books
These are some of the books on different categories I've read and plan to read.

# Categories
- [Core CS](#core-cs)
  - [1. Mathematics](#1-mathematics)
  - [2. Programming Language(s)](#2-programming-languages)
  - [3. Data Structures \& Algorithms](#3-data-structures--algorithms)
  - [4. Operating System](#4-operating-system)
  - [5. Computer Organization \& Architecture](#5-computer-organization--architecture)
  - [6. Database Management System](#6-database-management-system)
- [Software Engineering](#software-engineering)
- [Development](#development)
- [Data](#data)
- [Operations \& Cloud](#operations--cloud)
- [Distributed Systems](#distributed-systems)
- [DevOps](#devops)
  - [1. Language(s)](#1-languages)
  - [2. Linux](#2-linux)
  - [3. Containers](#3-containers)
  - [4. Configuration Management](#4-configuration-management)
  - [5. Container Orchestration](#5-container-orchestration)
  - [6. Infrastructure as Code](#6-infrastructure-as-code)
  - [7. Service Mesh](#7-service-mesh)
  - [8. Continuous Integration \& Continuous Deployment/Delivery](#8-continuous-integration--continuous-deploymentdelivery)
  - [9. Observability](#9-observability)
  - [10. General](#10-general)
- [Personal Growth](#personal-growth)

## Core CS
### 1. Mathematics
- Discrete Mathematics by Oscar Levin (3rd edition)
- Mathematics for Computer Science by Eric Lehman and Tom Leighton (MIT 6.042)
- Concrete Mathematics by Ronald L. Graham, Donald E. Knuth and Oren Patashnik (2nd edition)

### 2. Programming Language(s)
- **Java**
  - TODO: Add book
- **Python**
  - Learning Python by Mark Lutz (O'Reilly) (5th edition)

- **Go**
  - Learning Go by Jon Bodner (O'Reilly)
  - The Go Programming Language by Alan A. A. Donovan, Brian W. Kernighan

### 3. Data Structures & Algorithms
- Grokking Algorithms by Aditya Y. Bhargava
- Introduction to Algorithms (MIT) (3rd edition)
- Elements of Programming Interviews in Java

### 4. Operating System
TODO: Add book(s)

### 5. Computer Organization & Architecture
- Computer Organization & Design by David A. Patterson and John L. Hennessy (5th edition)

### 6. Database Management System
TODO: Add book(s)

## Software Engineering
- Software Engineering at Google (O'Reilly)
- The Pragmatic Programmer by Andrew Hunt David Hurst Thomas
- Skills of a Successful Software Engineer by Fernando Doglio (Manning Publications)
- Clean Architecture by Robert C. Martin
- Clean Code by Robert C Martin
- Own Your Tech Career by Don Jones (Manning Publications)
- Software Architecture by Neal Ford, Mark Richards, Pramod Sadalage, and Zhamak Dehghani (O'Reilly)

## Development
- Designing APIs with Swagger & OpenAPI (Manning Publications)
- Full Stack GraphQL Applications by William Lyon (Manning Publications)
- RabbitMQ in Depth by Gavin M. Roy (Manning Publications)
- BDD in action by John Ferguson Smart, Jan Molak (Manning Publications)
- The Modern Guide to OAuth by Brian Pontarelli and Dan Moore

## Data
- Event Stream in Action by Alexander Dean Valentin Crettaz (Manning Publications)
- Streaming Data by Andrew G. Psaltis (Manning Publications)
- Parallel & High Performance Computing by Robert Robey, Yuliana Zamora (Manning Publications)
- Kafka Stream in Action by William P. Bejeck Jr. (Manning Publications)
- Kafka in Action by Dylan Scott, Viktor Gamov, Dave Klein (Manning Publications)

## Operations & Cloud
- Knative in Action by Jacques Chester (Manning Publications)

## Distributed Systems
- Understanding Distributed Systems by Roberto Vitillo
- Designing Data-Intensive Applications by Martin Kleppmann (O’Reilly)
- Building Secure & Reliable Systems (O’Reilly)
- Google's Bigtable Research Paper

## DevOps
   ### 1. Language(s)
   - Go for DevOps by John Doak and David Justice (Packt Publications)
   - Learn Go or Python [refer here](#2-programming-languages)

   ### 2. Linux
   - Unix and Linux System Administration Handbook (5th edition)
   - The Practice of System and Network Administration (2nd edition)
   - Networking for Systems Administrators
   - Bash Notes for Professionals
   - Advanced Shell Scripting guide

   ### 3. Containers
   - Podman in action (Manning Publications)

   ### 4. Configuration Management
   - Ansible Up and Running (O'Reilly)
   
   ### 5. Container Orchestration
   - Kubernetes in Action by Marko Luksa (Manning Publications)
   - Kubernetes Up and Running by Brendan Burns, Joe Beda and Kelsey Hightower (O'Reilly)
   
   - **Kubernetes Networking**
     - Kubernetes Networking by James Strong and Vallery Lancey (O'Reilly)

   - **Kubernetes Security**
     - Kubernetes Security & Observability by Brendan Creane and Amit Gupta (O'Reilly)

   ### 6. Infrastructure as Code
   - Terraform Up and Running by Yevgeniy Brikman (O'Reilly)
   - Infrastructure as Code by Kief Morris (O'Reilly)
   - Infrastructure as Code, Patterns and Practices by Rosemary Wang (Manning Publications)

   ### 7. Service Mesh
   - Istio in Action (Manning Publications)

   ### 8. Continuous Integration & Continuous Deployment/Delivery
   - Grokking Continuous Delivery by Christie Wilson (Manning Publications)

   ### 9. Observability
   - Cloud-Native Observability with OpenTelemetry by Alex Boten (Packt Publications)
  
   - Software Telemetry by Jamie Riedesel (Manning Publications)

   - **Tracing**
     - Distributed Tracing in Practice (O'Reilly)
     - Mastering Distributed Tracing by Yuri Shkuro (Packt Publications)
  
   - **Logging**
     - Logging in Action (Manning Publications)

   ### 10. General
   - The DevOps Handbook
   - The Phoenix Project
   - Effective DevOps (O’Reilly)
   - The DevOps Career Handbook by John Knight and Nate Swenson (Packt Publications)
   - Site Reliability Engineering (O'Reilly)

## Personal Growth
- The 5AM Club by Robin Sharma
- Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert T. Kiyosaki
- Think and Grow Rich
- Atomic Habits
- No Excuses! The Power of Self-Discipline by Brian Tracy
- The 10 X Rule by Grant Cardone
- Not Nice by Dr. Aziz Gazipura
- The 80/20 Principle by Richard Koch
- Steal Like an Artist by Austin Kleon
- Dopamine Detox by Thibaut Meurisse
- Money Master the Game by Tony Robbins

Commit message:

Add Resume category
Signed-off-by: Anurag Rajawat <anuragsinghrajawat22@gmail.com>

Readme.md, after:

# Books
These are some of the books on different categories I've read and plan to read.

# Categories
- [Core CS](#core-cs)
  - [1. Mathematics](#1-mathematics)
  - [2. Programming Language(s)](#2-programming-languages)
  - [3. Data Structures \& Algorithms](#3-data-structures--algorithms)
  - [4. Operating System](#4-operating-system)
  - [5. Computer Organization \& Architecture](#5-computer-organization--architecture)
  - [6. Database Management System](#6-database-management-system)
- [Software Engineering](#software-engineering)
- [Development](#development)
- [Data](#data)
- [Operations \& Cloud](#operations--cloud)
- [Distributed Systems](#distributed-systems)
- [DevOps](#devops)
  - [1. Language(s)](#1-languages)
  - [2. Linux](#2-linux)
  - [3. Containers](#3-containers)
  - [4. Configuration Management](#4-configuration-management)
  - [5. Container Orchestration](#5-container-orchestration)
  - [6. Infrastructure as Code](#6-infrastructure-as-code)
  - [7. Service Mesh](#7-service-mesh)
  - [8. Continuous Integration \& Continuous Deployment/Delivery](#8-continuous-integration--continuous-deploymentdelivery)
  - [9. Observability](#9-observability)
  - [10. General](#10-general)
- [Resume](#resume)
- [Personal Growth](#personal-growth)

## Core CS
### 1. Mathematics
- Discrete Mathematics by Oscar Levin (3rd edition)
- Mathematics for Computer Science by Eric Lehman and Tom Leighton (MIT 6.042)
- Concrete Mathematics by Ronald L. Graham, Donald E. Knuth and Oren Patashnik (2nd edition)

### 2. Programming Language(s)
- **Java**
  - TODO: Add book
- **Python**
  - Learning Python by Mark Lutz (O'Reilly) (5th edition)

- **Go**
  - Learning Go by Jon Bodner (O'Reilly)
  - The Go Programming Language by Alan A. A. Donovan, Brian W. Kernighan

### 3. Data Structures & Algorithms
- Grokking Algorithms by Aditya Y. Bhargava
- Introduction to Algorithms (MIT) (3rd edition)
- Elements of Programming Interviews in Java

### 4. Operating System
TODO: Add book(s)

### 5. Computer Organization & Architecture
- Computer Organization & Design by David A. Patterson and John L. Hennessy (5th edition)

### 6. Database Management System
TODO: Add book(s)

## Software Engineering
- Software Engineering at Google (O'Reilly)
- The Pragmatic Programmer by Andrew Hunt David Hurst Thomas
- Skills of a Successful Software Engineer by Fernando Doglio (Manning Publications)
- Clean Architecture by Robert C. Martin
- Clean Code by Robert C Martin
- Own Your Tech Career by Don Jones (Manning Publications)
- Software Architecture by Neal Ford, Mark Richards, Pramod Sadalage, and Zhamak Dehghani (O'Reilly)

## Development
- Designing APIs with Swagger & OpenAPI (Manning Publications)
- Full Stack GraphQL Applications by William Lyon (Manning Publications)
- RabbitMQ in Depth by Gavin M. Roy (Manning Publications)
- BDD in action by John Ferguson Smart, Jan Molak (Manning Publications)
- The Modern Guide to OAuth by Brian Pontarelli and Dan Moore

## Data
- Event Stream in Action by Alexander Dean Valentin Crettaz (Manning Publications)
- Streaming Data by Andrew G. Psaltis (Manning Publications)
- Parallel & High Performance Computing by Robert Robey, Yuliana Zamora (Manning Publications)
- Kafka Stream in Action by William P. Bejeck Jr. (Manning Publications)
- Kafka in Action by Dylan Scott, Viktor Gamov, Dave Klein (Manning Publications)

## Operations & Cloud
- Knative in Action by Jacques Chester (Manning Publications)

## Distributed Systems
- Understanding Distributed Systems by Roberto Vitillo
- Designing Data-Intensive Applications by Martin Kleppmann (O’Reilly)
- Building Secure & Reliable Systems (O’Reilly)
- Google's Bigtable Research Paper

## DevOps
   ### 1. Language(s)
   - Go for DevOps by John Doak and David Justice (Packt Publications)
   - Learn Go or Python [refer here](#2-programming-languages)

   ### 2. Linux
   - Unix and Linux System Administration Handbook (5th edition)
   - The Practice of System and Network Administration (2nd edition)
   - Networking for Systems Administrators
   - Bash Notes for Professionals
   - Advanced Shell Scripting guide

   ### 3. Containers
   - Podman in action (Manning Publications)

   ### 4. Configuration Management
   - Ansible Up and Running (O'Reilly)
   
   ### 5. Container Orchestration
   - Kubernetes in Action by Marko Luksa (Manning Publications)
   - Kubernetes Up and Running by Brendan Burns, Joe Beda and Kelsey Hightower (O'Reilly)
   
   - **Kubernetes Networking**
     - Kubernetes Networking by James Strong and Vallery Lancey (O'Reilly)

   - **Kubernetes Security**
     - Kubernetes Security & Observability by Brendan Creane and Amit Gupta (O'Reilly)

   ### 6. Infrastructure as Code
   - Terraform Up and Running by Yevgeniy Brikman (O'Reilly)
   - Infrastructure as Code by Kief Morris (O'Reilly)
   - Infrastructure as Code, Patterns and Practices by Rosemary Wang (Manning Publications)

   ### 7. Service Mesh
   - Istio in Action (Manning Publications)

   ### 8. Continuous Integration & Continuous Deployment/Delivery
   - Grokking Continuous Delivery by Christie Wilson (Manning Publications)

   ### 9. Observability
   - Cloud-Native Observability with OpenTelemetry by Alex Boten (Packt Publications)
  
   - Software Telemetry by Jamie Riedesel (Manning Publications)

   - **Tracing**
     - Distributed Tracing in Practice (O'Reilly)
     - Mastering Distributed Tracing by Yuri Shkuro (Packt Publications)
  
   - **Logging**
     - Logging in Action (Manning Publications)

   ### 10. General
   - The DevOps Handbook
   - The Phoenix Project
   - Effective DevOps (O’Reilly)
   - The DevOps Career Handbook by John Knight and Nate Swenson (Packt Publications)
   - Site Reliability Engineering (O'Reilly)

## Resume
- The Tech Resume Inside Out by Gergely Orosz

## Personal Growth
- The 5AM Club by Robin Sharma
- Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert T. Kiyosaki
- Think and Grow Rich
- Atomic Habits
- No Excuses! The Power of Self-Discipline by Brian Tracy
- The 10 X Rule by Grant Cardone
- Not Nice by Dr. Aziz Gazipura
- The 80/20 Principle by Richard Koch
- Steal Like an Artist by Austin Kleon
- Dopamine Detox by Thibaut Meurisse
- Money Master the Game by Tony Robbins
